Tango demo (#1191)
bluesky/ophyd-async: docs/tutorials/implementing-devices.md

:::{tab-item} Tango
:sync: tango

```{literalinclude} ../../src/ophyd_async/tango/demo/__main__.py
:language: python
:emphasize-lines: 20-
```

Here we start the TANGO device server application with a device name prefix and add all of the devices into a `MultiDeviceTestContext` which allows us to run without an external TANGO database.  Starting this device server here is done just for the demo, in production the application would already be running before you started bluesky.

We then pass the same device Tango Resource Locator (TRL) for each Device down using prior knowledge about the attributes that these particular devices will create. For example, we know that there will be a `DemoStage`, and the device names will start with `prefix + "/X"` and `prefix + "/Y"`.

```{note}

> There is no introspection of attributes in a device in TANGO, if we tell the device server to make 3 channels on the point detector, we must also tell the ophyd-async device that the point detector has 3 channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no introspection of child devices of a device in TANGO, if we tell the device server to make 3 channels on the point detector, we must also tell the ophyd-async device that the point detector has 3 channels.
```
